Pac-man Game World Event Description:
Project is uploaded in Christian Honein's GitHub.

NOTE: If you are using a Mac, the game GUI might extend out of your screen. 
To fix that, go to Preferences, Display, in the Display tab, choose scaled for resolution and choose the more space option. 
(If you are on Windows and you are experiencing the problem, go to display settings and lower scaling to 100%)

NOTE: Avoid using the fast presets (command line arguments). The game would become unreasonably hard.

HOW TO PLAY: Your task as the user is to control Pac-man to eat all of the ghosts.
To eat a ghost, you must first eat a yellow ore that spawns around the map near the ore veins. 
After you eat a yellow ore, the ghosts are in a vulnerable state where you can eat them. 
When they are not in their vulnerable state, run away from the ghosts because they will try and eat you! 
The ghosts will flash colors when they are about to transition from their vulnerable state 
back to their normal state. Act quickly, as the ores and ore veins will despawn after a certain amount of time. 
Furthermore, beware that miners can block your path and eat up ores around the map.
To start the game, click on a large open space next to a miner to create a jail cell with ghosts in it 
(this will also spawn Pac-man).

1. An event is triggered upon clicking on the screen. 
2. Where you click on the screen, a jail cell will appear. If any miners are in the proximity of where the jail cell appears, 
   the miners will be converted into "ghost miners". A user-controllable Pac-man will also spawn beneath the jail, and you can begin
   a game of Pac-man, eating ore blobs.
3. The affected entities are the ghost miners, which will leave the jail cell to try and find and eat the Pac-man.
   The ghost miners use AStar Pathing to track down the user-controled Pac-man.
4. The new entitiy is a spawned in user-controlled Pac-man. The user should navigate the Pac-man to try to eat ore blobs 
   to be able to eat the ghost miners. (Pacman is moved using WASD or HJKL; However, if you want to move Pacman to move by itself, press q.
   To get back to controlling Pacman press W, A, S, D, H, J, K, or L)
5. Christian Honein and Nate Sherman
   - Both of us worked together and helped each other with their parts, but for the most part:
   - Christian was responsible for designing and writing the code for the new entities, entity transition from miner to ghost miner, and behavior
     of the new entities.
   - Nate was responsible for implementing new graphics, designing and programming the new world layout of the background and obstacles, and 
     writing the code for the mouse click event.